Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we even started writing the usually bad days in function we left a to do because we haven't
actually set up by using day we can't check if the username exists.
We'll come back to that part but we'll just copy and paste this part of the validate username function
and paste it into the valet first then unveiled their last name function because we're going to do the
same thing there.
So copy and paste into there and then for the valdai first name we will make sure the name is not less
than two characters because a change is this error message.
To your first name must be between 2 and 25 characters right.
And do the same sorting below for the last name.
So to your last last name must read between 2 and 25 characters but we also need to change the parameters
because now we say u.n. units in this function and we just change it to offend F and there and there
and this one is L. and so copy that paste l.a. and then Ellen just like that.
Ah and that is all the validation will to do for the first name and last name.
There's nothing to do there so I just remove it from space and that and the first that they first name
by last name front is are done.
So we only have two more functions to do and us the validate emails and Monday passwords 1 so validate
emails.
We're going to do three checks so the first one is going to be if he is not equal to each to is real
simple.
If the U.
If the e-mails leave entered aren't the same.
We're going to copy and paste this array pushpa.
And just change the message to simply your emails don't match.
Just like there and then return.
I get that one of three jacks done.
Second chair were going to do it just to make sure it's in the correct format.
So if not which is a summation point.
So if this is not true filter and the score var and just copy out I'll explain this once.
Once I've typed it up I am in the second around to have that function is 0 cups filled in a score valid
day.
Oh valid date and the school email filter and the score validate and the school email I like.
But what this does.
This checks whether this is in the correct format so this is this knows what format and email should
be in.
And it checks if if e am.
The variable is not in the correct format.
Then we can just copy paste those two lines of both paste in there and change this error message to
email is invalid.
Just like that and then return as well.
Get some of you might be wondering why we need this.
Because if you look at the email feel itself you see time equals email and you probably think in there
that means that it will check it out for us so fresh is that there are messages.
Last time I missed the first page.
And yes all of you are thinking that the typed email stops us from entering a string.
This not only now.
So if I try submit this you'll see that it does allow submit the form it says Please include an at in
e-mail.
So the problem is only checks for an at will have a text afterwards.
Okay if I don't have that text that would still know it's invalid but if I have a little weird text
after it thinks that's a valid email so the form submitted.
The reason is because technically you don't need the dot com or anything parvin email the extension
for it to be an invalid email.
Technically this is a valid email.
So we need to check manually ourself that is valid and what this check headers make is make sure that
it contains the dot com part Duckery k whatever is all right so this just basically is a second check
to make sure it's a valid email.
So the last thing to do is just to check that the email hasn't already been used.
And like I said earlier would actually have the uses table set up yet so we can't do that yet so we'll
just say to do check that username has already been used.
Okay and that's it.
So so far we've done the user name the first and last name on emails.
Obviously we do have some to dos here but we'll come back in days later.
The only thing left to do is give out their passwords one.